hello what is that my fellow curators
credit the credit 51-year and today I'm
going to be I'm going to be showing you
guys how I make my video let's now I'll
just gonna go do pack my video but I
decided those weren't good enough I
didn't want to put out something that
nobody would like there's probably maybe
even more boring but what's just gonna
do it so first thing recording my videos
i use bandicam to record my videos I'll
just give you guys a quick peek of it
this is a panic and this is what I'm
using to record right now here's some
settings you can do logo effects options
you can do stuff with the mouse the
sound the webcam all things like that
there's nothing really to it other than
these so now just give it to my editor
know I use shot cut to edit my videos
i'm i also use hitfilm express that's
what I used to make my latest video of
the five nights at Freddy's video if you
haven't check it out it's an awesome
video if you want to know about the
panaka movie now I keep on saying now
and let's just get straight into this so
yeah this is what I used I take I
basically just take a video taking your
random videos just take this and then
you take it this is another all I'm just
showing you guys how I do it so here's
the time right and everything I can cut
it if I want I can to go to properties I
can change all I have to do this
actually then I can change the duration
I can make it really slow I can make it
really fast
it's clicking and then we'll play oh
geez
voice crack and there's a lot more to do
but that's kind of it I don't want to
get into a whole tutorial thing so once
I've done editing my video I export
using this and all that stuff and when
I'm done I exit out of it I make the
thumbnail but before I get into that I'm
gonna show you guys hitfilm express
now this one is complicated there's a
lot of stuff that you can do with it and
to think it's great
every video editor that I use this free
tip that you cut I got that one for free
you know I had to pay for that one
coming idiot I'll see you guys when this
is done okay so this is a hitfilm
express now that's the product of pretty
view they made let's make a new one I'm
gonna get a load this do you think alone
okay I started now this one like I said
has a lot more to use you can do a lot
more yeah so an artist there wait for
this load oh you guys there yeah okay so
this is if it was pressed so like I said
there's a lot more there's a whole bunch
of effects like you can do blowers
lighting flares quick 3d transitions
warping zexis history media here's Reed
drag in the files you can also do layers
and there's that transparent thing so if
you want to put in images you do that so
yeah this is I have film Express if you
want any of these the RPC I'll have a
link to them in the description below
hopefully I remember if I don't sorry so
yeah let's get into how I make my
thumbnails so here's what I use to make
chemicals I use Pixlr now pixel is
absolutely free it is amazing there's so
much that you can do with it it's like
amazing tips
it has knowing that you don't even have
to pay money this is what you do just go
into the editor wait wait wait wait wait
you're waiting and this comes up then
you pick whatever you want baby by 720
that's the YouTube thumbnail size and I
use transparent you got spared if you
want to do transparent images and that's
what you need to do when you click this
and then here is this now what you do
you dragging around images you can't
move them
you can add text over them different
fonts different colors you can blur them
their exit you can do and there's so
much so you can do with this like super
say I want to put in a text I I can
change the color I can change the size
130 is the highest and then I can change
the font and I can do all this so I
there's a drop shuttle that I can add in
a shadow level outer glow and inner glow
I can change the inner glow color I can
change the outer glow color I can change
the hardness the size the blood I don't
know about this the inner shadow I can
change that to drop shadow
I don't really know what all this oh oh
I get it now that's that's neat so I
used Pixlr like I said to uh thumbnails
there's a lot more to it but I'm not
gonna get into details there's like all
these layers and stuff that I can do but
yeah
so I know this video is really short and
I'm sorry about that
I just I honestly had no idea what I was
gonna do for the video hmm so yeah
alright so thank you guys for watching
if you can't really enjoyed please hit
like button and mr. Micawber to become a
fellow carry and obviously I'll be right
in there
[Music]